Network Working Group                                       mellllonsoda
Request for Comments: XXXX                                 13 August 2025
Category: Informational

Hyper Text Funya Protocol (HFTP/1.0)

Status of this Memo

   This memo is a humorous work and is not an Internet standard.
   Distribution of this memo is unlimited.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (C) The Internet Society (2025). All Rights Reserved.

Abstract

   This document describes HFTP, a protocol for responding to HTTP-like
   requests with "ふにゃふにゃ" messages.

1. Rationale and Scope

   In a world increasingly dominated by the internet, the need for
   ubiquitous soft responses has emerged. HFTP satisfies this need by
   ensuring that every request is met with a uniform, warm, and
   comforting "ふにゃふにゃ" response. No matter the method or URI,
   the server guarantees that clients will always receive a response
   that is both predictable and delightfully meaningless.

2. HFTP Protocol

   HFTP is built on top of HTTP, with the simplification that the
   response to any request, regardless of method, is always
   "ふにゃふにゃ".

2.1 HFTP Methods

   All standard HTTP methods may be used with HFTP servers. The
   response will be identical:

      POST, GET, PUT, DELETE, HEAD, OPTIONS, TRACE, CONNECT

   Response to all methods:

      200 OK
      Content-Type: text/plain
      ふにゃふにゃ

2.2 Header Fields

   No special headers are required for HFTP. Any headers sent by the
   client are ignored. Servers may include a generic HFTP header:


        Funya-Protocol: HFTP/1.0


3. The "funya" URI scheme

   All HFTP servers should be referred to with the "funya:" URI
   scheme.

      funya-url  =  funya-scheme ":" \["//" host ] \["/" resource]
      funya-scheme = "funya"

4. Operational Considerations

      HFTP servers must respond promptly to all requests. The content
      will always be static and unvarying: "ふにゃふにゃ". No other
      content should be generated.

5. Security Considerations

   HFTP provides no authentication, authorization, or encryption.
   All requests are treated equally. The protocol is intended for
   amusement and light-hearted experimentation only.

6. Acknowledgements

   Thanks to the internet community for inspiring the creation of a
   protocol dedicated to universal silliness and uniform responses.

7. References

   [RFC2068] Fielding, R., et al., "Hypertext Transfer Protocol -- HTTP/1.1", RFC 2068, January 1997.
   [RFC2324] Masinter, L., "Hyper Text Coffee Pot Control Protocol (HTCPCP/1.0)", RFC 2324, 1 April 1998.

8. Author's Address

   mellllonsoda
   EMail: mellllonsoda0419@gmail.com

   spring
   EMail: harusan@spring-server.com

9. Full Copyright Statement

   Copyright (C) The Internet Society (2025). All Rights Reserved.

   This document and translations of it may be copied and furnished to
   others, and derivative works that comment on or otherwise explain it
   or assist in its implementation may be prepared, copied, published
   and distributed, in whole or in part, without restriction of any
   kind, provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are
   included on all such copies and derivative works.
